Staging: most: add MOST driver's core module

This patch adds the core module of the MOST driver to the kernel's driver
staging area. This module is part of the MOST driver and handles the
configuration interface in sysfs, the buffer management and the data
routing.

MOST defines the protocol, hardware and software layers necessary to allow
for the efficient and low-cost transport of control, real-time and packet
data using a single medium (physical layer). Media currently in use are
fiber optics, unshielded twisted pair cables (UTP) and coax cables. MOST
also supports various speed grades up to 150 Mbps.
For more information on MOST, visit the MOST Cooperation website:
www.mostcooperation.com.

Cars continue to evolve into sophisticated consumer electronics platforms,
increasing the demand for reliable and simple solutions to support audio,
video and data communications. MOST can be used to connect multiple
consumer devices via optical or electrical physical layers directly to one
another or in a network configuration. As a synchronous network, MOST
provides excellent Quality of Service and seamless connectivity for
audio/video streaming. Therefore, the driver perfectly fits to the mission
of Automotive Grade Linux to create open source software solutions for
automotive applications.

The driver consists basically of three layers. The hardware layer, the
core layer and the application layer. The core layer consists of the core
module only. This module handles the communication flow through all three
layers, the configuration of the driver, the configuration interface
representation in sysfs, and the buffer management.
For each of the other two layers a selection of modules is provided. These
modules can arbitrarily be combined to meet the needs of the desired
system architecture. A module of the hardware layer is referred to as an
HDM (hardware dependent module). Each module of this layer handles exactly
one of the peripheral interfaces of a network interface controller (e.g.
USB, MediaLB, I2C). A module of the application layer is referred to as an
AIM (application interfacing module). The modules of this layer give access
to MOST via one the following ways: character devices, ALSA, Networking or
V4L2.

To physically access MOST, an Intelligent Network Interface Controller
(INIC) is needed. For more information on available controllers visit:
www.microchip.com

Signed-off-by: Christian Gromm <christian.gromm@microchip.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

