btrfs: zoned: move superblock logging zone location

Moves the location of the superblock logging zones. The new locations of
the logging zones are now determined based on fixed block addresses
instead of on fixed zone numbers.

The old placement method based on fixed zone numbers causes problems when
one needs to inspect a file system image without access to the drive zone
information. In such case, the super block locations cannot be reliably
determined as the zone size is unknown. By locating the superblock logging
zones using fixed addresses, we can scan a dumped file system image without
the zone information since a super block copy will always be present at or
after the fixed known locations.

Introduce the following three pairs of zones containing fixed offset
locations, regardless of the device zone size.

  - primary superblock: offset   0B (and the following zone)
  - first copy:         offset 512G (and the following zone)
  - Second copy:        offset   4T (4096G, and the following zone)

If a logging zone is outside of the disk capacity, we do not record the
superblock copy.

The first copy position is much larger than for a non-zoned filesystem,
which is at 64M.  This is to avoid overlapping with the log zones for
the primary superblock. This higher location is arbitrary but allows
supporting devices with very large zone sizes, plus some space around in
between.

Such large zone size is unrealistic and very unlikely to ever be seen in
real devices. Currently, SMR disks have a zone size of 256MB, and we are
expecting ZNS drives to be in the 1-4GB range, so this limit gives us
room to breathe. For now, we only allow zone sizes up to 8GB. The
maximum zone size that would still fit in the space is 256G.

The fixed location addresses are somewhat arbitrary, with the intent of
maintaining superblock reliability for smaller and larger devices, with
the preference for the latter. For this reason, there are two superblocks
under the first 1T. This should cover use cases for physical devices and
for emulated/device-mapper devices.

The superblock logging zones are reserved for superblock logging and
never used for data or metadata blocks. Note that we only reserve the
two zones per primary/copy actually used for superblock logging. We do
not reserve the ranges of zones possibly containing superblocks with the
largest supported zone size (0-16GB, 512G-528GB, 4096G-4112G).

The zones containing the fixed location offsets used to store
superblocks on a non-zoned volume are also reserved to avoid confusion.

Signed-off-by: Naohiro Aota <naohiro.aota@wdc.com>
Signed-off-by: David Sterba <dsterba@suse.com>

