mqprio: Introduce new hardware offload mode and shaper in mqprio

The offload types currently supported in mqprio are 0 (no offload) and
1 (offload only TCs) by setting these values for the 'hw' option. If
offloads are supported by setting the 'hw' option to 1, the default
offload mode is 'dcb' where only the TC values are offloaded to the
device. This patch introduces a new hardware offload mode called
'channel' with 'hw' set to 1 in mqprio which makes full use of the
mqprio options, the TCs, the queue configurations and the QoS parameters
for the TCs. This is achieved through a new netlink attribute for the
'mode' option which takes values such as 'dcb' (default) and 'channel'.
The 'channel' mode also supports QoS attributes for traffic class such as
minimum and maximum values for bandwidth rate limits.

This patch enables configuring additional HW shaper attributes associated
with a traffic class. Currently the shaper for bandwidth rate limiting is
supported which takes options such as minimum and maximum bandwidth rates
and are offloaded to the hardware in the 'channel' mode. The min and max
limits for bandwidth rates are provided by the user along with the TCs
and the queue configurations when creating the mqprio qdisc. The interface
can be extended to support new HW shapers in future through the 'shaper'
attribute.

Introduces a new data structure 'tc_mqprio_qopt_offload' for offloading
mqprio queue options and use this to be shared between the kernel and
device driver. This contains a copy of the existing data structure
for mqprio queue options. This new data structure can be extended when
adding new attributes for traffic class such as mode, shaper, shaper
parameters (bandwidth rate limits). The existing data structure for mqprio
queue options will be shared between the kernel and userspace.

Example:
  queues 4@0 4@4 hw 1 mode channel shaper bw_rlimit\
  min_rate 1Gbit 2Gbit max_rate 4Gbit 5Gbit

To dump the bandwidth rates:

qdisc mqprio 804a: root  tc 2 map 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
             queues:(0:3) (4:7)
             mode:channel
             shaper:bw_rlimit   min_rate:1Gbit 2Gbit   max_rate:4Gbit 5Gbit

Signed-off-by: Amritha Nambiar <amritha.nambiar@intel.com>
Tested-by: Andrew Bowers <andrewx.bowers@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Jeff Kirsher <jeffrey.t.kirsher@intel.com>

