PM: Introduce devfreq: generic DVFS framework with device-specific OPPs

With OPPs, a device may have multiple operable frequency and voltage
sets. However, there can be multiple possible operable sets and a system
will need to choose one from them. In order to reduce the power
consumption (by reducing frequency and voltage) without affecting the
performance too much, a Dynamic Voltage and Frequency Scaling (DVFS)
scheme may be used.

This patch introduces the DVFS capability to non-CPU devices with OPPs.
DVFS is a techique whereby the frequency and supplied voltage of a
device is adjusted on-the-fly. DVFS usually sets the frequency as low
as possible with given conditions (such as QoS assurance) and adjusts
voltage according to the chosen frequency in order to reduce power
consumption and heat dissipation.

The generic DVFS for devices, devfreq, may appear quite similar with
/drivers/cpufreq.  However, cpufreq does not allow to have multiple
devices registered and is not suitable to have multiple heterogenous
devices with different (but simple) governors.

Normally, DVFS mechanism controls frequency based on the demand for
the device, and then, chooses voltage based on the chosen frequency.
devfreq also controls the frequency based on the governor's frequency
recommendation and let OPP pick up the pair of frequency and voltage
based on the recommended frequency. Then, the chosen OPP is passed to
device driver's "target" callback.

When PM QoS is going to be used with the devfreq device, the device
driver should enable OPPs that are appropriate with the current PM QoS
requests. In order to do so, the device driver may call opp_enable and
opp_disable at the notifier callback of PM QoS so that PM QoS's
update_target() call enables the appropriate OPPs. Note that at least
one of OPPs should be enabled at any time; be careful when there is a
transition.

Signed-off-by: MyungJoo Ham <myungjoo.ham@samsung.com>
Signed-off-by: Kyungmin Park <kyungmin.park@samsung.com>
Reviewed-by: Mike Turquette <mturquette@ti.com>
Acked-by: Kevin Hilman <khilman@ti.com>
Signed-off-by: Rafael J. Wysocki <rjw@sisk.pl>

