remoteproc: pru: Add support for various PRU cores on K3 AM65x SoCs

The K3 AM65x family of SoCs have the next generation of the PRU-ICSS
processor subsystem, commonly referred to as ICSSG. Each ICSSG processor
subsystem on AM65x SR1.0 contains two primary PRU cores and two new
auxiliary PRU cores called RTUs. The AM65x SR2.0 SoCs have a revised
ICSSG IP that is based off the subsequent IP revision used on J721E
SoCs. This IP instance has two new custom auxiliary PRU cores called
Transmit PRUs (Tx_PRUs) in addition to the existing PRUs and RTUs.

Each RTU and Tx_PRU cores have their own dedicated IRAM (smaller than
a PRU), Control and debug feature sets, but is different in terms of
sub-modules integrated around it and does not have the full capabilities
associated with a PRU core. The RTU core is typically used to aid a
PRU core in accelerating data transfers, while the Tx_PRU cores is
normally used to control the TX L2 FIFO if enabled in Ethernet
applications. Both can also be used to run independent applications.
The RTU and Tx_PRU cores though share the same Data RAMs as the PRU
cores, so the memories have to be partitioned carefully between different
applications. The new cores also support a new sub-module called Task
Manager to support two different context thread executions.

Enhance the existing PRU remoteproc driver to support these new PRU, RTU
and Tx PRU cores by using specific compatibles. The initial names for the
firmware images for each PRU core are retrieved from DT nodes, and can
be adjusted through sysfs if required.

The PRU remoteproc driver has to be specifically modified to use a
custom memcpy function within its ELF loader implementation for these
new cores in order to overcome a limitation with copying data into each
of the core's IRAM memories. These memory ports support only 4-byte
writes, and any sub-word order byte writes clear out the remaining
bytes other than the bytes being written within the containing word.
The default ARM64 memcpy also cannot be used as it throws an exception
when the preferred 8-byte copy operation is attempted. This choice is
made by using a state flag that is set only on K3 SoCs.

Signed-off-by: Suman Anna <s-anna@ti.com>
Co-developed-by: Grzegorz Jaszczyk <grzegorz.jaszczyk@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Grzegorz Jaszczyk <grzegorz.jaszczyk@linaro.org>
Reviewed-by: Mathieu Poirier <mathieu.poirier@linaro.org>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20201208141002.17777-6-grzegorz.jaszczyk@linaro.org
Signed-off-by: Bjorn Andersson <bjorn.andersson@linaro.org>

