ACPI / sleep: EC-based wakeup from suspend-to-idle on recent systems

Some recent Dell laptops, including the XPS13 model numbers 9360 and
9365, cannot be woken up from suspend-to-idle by pressing the power
button which is unexpected and makes that feature less usable on
those systems.  Moreover, on the 9365 ACPI S3 (suspend-to-RAM) is
not expected to be used at all (the OS these systems ship with never
exercises the ACPI S3 path in the firmware) and suspend-to-idle is
the only viable system suspend mechanism there.

The reason why the power button wakeup from suspend-to-idle doesn't
work on those systems is because their power button events are
signaled by the EC (Embedded Controller), whose GPE (General Purpose
Event) line is disabled during suspend-to-idle transitions in Linux.
That is done on purpose, because in general the EC tends to be noisy
for various reasons (battery and thermal updates and similar, for
example) and all events signaled by it would kick the CPUs out of
deep idle states while in suspend-to-idle, which effectively might
defeat its purpose.

Of course, on the Dell systems in question the EC GPE must be enabled
during suspend-to-idle transitions for the button press events to
be signaled while suspended at all, but fortunately there is a way
out of this puzzle.

First of all, those systems have the ACPI_FADT_LOW_POWER_S0 flag set
in their ACPI tables, which means that the OS is expected to prefer
the "low power S0 idle" system state over ACPI S3 on them.  That
causes the most recent versions of other OSes to simply ignore ACPI
S3 on those systems, so it is reasonable to expect that it should not
be necessary to block GPEs during suspend-to-idle on them.

Second, in addition to that, the systems in question provide a special
firmware interface that can be used to indicate to the platform that
the OS is transitioning into a system-wide low-power state in which
certain types of activity are not desirable or that it is leaving
such a state and that (in principle) should allow the platform to
adjust its operation mode accordingly.

That interface is a special _DSM object under a System Power
Management Controller device (PNP0D80).  The expected way to use it
is to invoke function 0 from it on system initialization, functions
3 and 5 during suspend transitions and functions 4 and 6 during
resume transitions (to reverse the actions carried out by the
former).  In particular, function 5 from the "Low-Power S0" device
_DSM is expected to cause the platform to put itself into a low-power
operation mode which should include making the EC less verbose (so to
speak).  Next, on resume, function 6 switches the platform back to
the "working-state" operation mode.

In accordance with the above, modify the ACPI suspend-to-idle code
to look for the "Low-Power S0" _DSM interface on platforms with the
ACPI_FADT_LOW_POWER_S0 flag set in the ACPI tables.  If it's there,
use it during suspend-to-idle transitions as prescribed and avoid
changing the GPE configuration in that case.  [That should reflect
what the most recent versions of other OSes do.]

Also modify the ACPI EC driver to make it handle events during
suspend-to-idle in the usual way if the "Low-Power S0" _DSM interface
is going to be used to make the power button events work while
suspended on the Dell machines mentioned above

Link: http://www.uefi.org/sites/default/files/resources/Intel_ACPI_Low_Power_S0_Idle.pdf
Signed-off-by: Rafael J. Wysocki <rafael.j.wysocki@intel.com>

