xfs: disallow marking previously dirty buffers as ordered

Ordered buffers are used in situations where the buffer is not
physically logged but must pass through the transaction/logging
pipeline for a particular transaction. As a result, ordered buffers
are not unpinned and written back until the transaction commits to
the log. Ordered buffers have a strict requirement that the target
buffer must not be currently dirty and resident in the log pipeline
at the time it is marked ordered. If a dirty+ordered buffer is
committed, the buffer is reinserted to the AIL but not physically
relogged at the LSN of the associated checkpoint. The buffer log
item is assigned the LSN of the latest checkpoint and the AIL
effectively releases the previously logged buffer content from the
active log before the buffer has been written back. If the tail
pushes forward and a filesystem crash occurs while in this state, an
inconsistent filesystem could result.

It is currently the caller responsibility to ensure an ordered
buffer is not already dirty from a previous modification. This is
unclear and error prone when not used in situations where it is
guaranteed a buffer has not been previously modified (such as new
metadata allocations).

To facilitate general purpose use of ordered buffers, update
xfs_trans_ordered_buf() to conditionally order the buffer based on
state of the log item and return the status of the result. If the
bli is dirty, do not order the buffer and return false. The caller
must either physically log the buffer (having acquired the
appropriate log reservation) or push it from the AIL to clean it
before it can be marked ordered in the current transaction.

Note that ordered buffers are currently only used in two situations:
1.) inode chunk allocation where previously logged buffers are not
possible and 2.) extent swap which will be updated to handle ordered
buffer failures in a separate patch.

Signed-off-by: Brian Foster <bfoster@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>
Reviewed-by: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Signed-off-by: Darrick J. Wong <darrick.wong@oracle.com>

