License cleanup: add SPDX license identifier to uapi header files with a license

Many user space API headers have licensing information, which is either
incomplete, badly formatted or just a shorthand for referring to the
license under which the file is supposed to be.  This makes it hard for
compliance tools to determine the correct license.

Update these files with an SPDX license identifier.  The identifier was
chosen based on the license information in the file.

GPL/LGPL licensed headers get the matching GPL/LGPL SPDX license
identifier with the added 'WITH Linux-syscall-note' exception, which is
the officially assigned exception identifier for the kernel syscall
exception:

   NOTE! This copyright does *not* cover user programs that use kernel
   services by normal system calls - this is merely considered normal use
   of the kernel, and does *not* fall under the heading of "derived work".

This exception makes it possible to include GPL headers into non GPL
code, without confusing license compliance tools.

Headers which have either explicit dual licensing or are just licensed
under a non GPL license are updated with the corresponding SPDX
identifier and the GPLv2 with syscall exception identifier.  The format
is:
        ((GPL-2.0 WITH Linux-syscall-note) OR SPDX-ID-OF-OTHER-LICENSE)

SPDX license identifiers are a legally binding shorthand, which can be
used instead of the full boiler plate text.  The update does not remove
existing license information as this has to be done on a case by case
basis and the copyright holders might have to be consulted. This will
happen in a separate step.

This patch is based on work done by Thomas Gleixner and Kate Stewart and
Philippe Ombredanne.  See the previous patch in this series for the
methodology of how this patch was researched.

Reviewed-by: Kate Stewart <kstewart@linuxfoundation.org>
Reviewed-by: Philippe Ombredanne <pombredanne@nexb.com>
Reviewed-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

