spi: atmel: add support to FIFOs

The latest SPI controllers embedded inside sama5d2x SoCs come with FIFOs.
When FIFOs are enabled, they can either work in SINGLE data mode or
MULTIPLE data mode. The selected mode depends on the configuration of the
SPI controller (see below).

In SINGLE data mode (or legacy mode), for a single I/O access, only one
data can be read from the Receive Data Register (RDR) or written into the
Transmit Data Register (TDR). On the other hand, in MULTIPLE data mode, up
to 4 data can be read from the RDR or up 2 data can be written into the
TDR in a single 32bit I/O access. So programmers should take good care of
the width of the I/O access to read/write the right number of data. The
exact number of read/written data depends on both the I/O access width and
the data width (from 8 up to 16 bits).

To enable the FIFO feature a "atmel,fifo-size" property must be set to
provide the maximum number of data (not bytes) the RX and TX FIFOs can
store. Hence a 32 data FIFO can always store up to 32 data unrelated with
the actual data width.

When FIFOs are enabled, the RX one is forced to operate in SINGLE data
mode because this driver configures the spi controller as a master. In
master mode only, the Received Data Register has an additionnal Peripheral
Chip Select field, which prevents us from reading more than a single data
at each register access.

Besides, the TX FIFO operates in MULTIPLE data mode. However, even when a
8bit data size is used, only two data by access could be written into the
Transmit Data Register. Indeed the first data has to be written into the
lowest 16 bits whereas the second data has to be written into the highest
16 bits of the TDR. When DMA transfers are used to send data, we don't
rework the transmit buffer to cope with this hardware limitation: the
additional copies required to prepare a new input buffer suited to both
the DMA controller and the spi controller would waste all the benefit of
the DMA transfer. Instead, the DMA controller is configured to write only
one data at time into the TDR.

In pio mode, two data are written in the TDR in a single access.

Signed-off-by: Cyrille Pitchen <cyrille.pitchen@atmel.com>
Acked-by: Nicolas Ferre <nicolas.ferre@atmel.com>
Signed-off-by: Mark Brown <broonie@kernel.org>

