ALSA: bebob: improve signal mode detection for clock source

With BeBoB version 3, current ALSA BeBoB driver detects the type of
current clock signal source wrongly. This is due to a lack of proper
implementation to parse the information.

This commit renews the parser. As a result, this driver detects
SYT-Match clock signal, thus it can start streams with two modes;
SYT-Match mode and the others. SYT-Match mode will be supported in future
commits.

There's a constrain about detected internal/external clock source.
When detecting external clock source, this driver allows userspace
applications to use current sampling rate only. This is due to consider
abour synchronization to external clock sources such as S/PDIF, ADAT or
word-clock.

According to several information from some devices, I guesss that the
internal clock of most devices synchronize to IEEE 1394 cycle start
packet. In this case, by a usual way, it's detect as 'Sync type
of output Music Sub-Unit' connected to 'Sync type of PCR output Unit
(oPCR)', and this driver judges it as internal clock. Therefore,
userspace applications is allowed to request arbitrary supported sampling
rates.

On the other hand, several devices based on BeBoB version 3 have
additional internal clock. In this case, by a usual way, it's detect as
'Sync/Additional type of External input Unit'. Unfortunately, there's no
way to distinguish this sync type from the other external clock sources
such as word-clock. In this case, this driver handles it as external and
userspace applications is forced to use current sampling rate.

I note that when the source of clock is detected as 'Isochronous stream
type of input PCR[0]', it's under 'SYT-Match' mode. In this mode, the
synchronization clock is generated according to SYT-series in received
packets. In this case, this driver generates the series by myself. I
experienced this mode often make the device silent suddenly during
playbacking. This means that the mode is easy to lost synchronization.

Signed-off-by: Takashi Sakamoto <o-takashi@sakamocchi.jp>
Signed-off-by: Takashi Iwai <tiwai@suse.de>

