regulator: qcom-labibb: Implement short-circuit and over-current IRQs

Short-Circuit Protection (SCP) and Over-Current Protection (OCP) are
very important for regulators like LAB and IBB, which are designed to
provide from very small to relatively big amounts of current to the
device (normally, a display).

Now that this regulator supports both voltage setting and current
limiting in this driver, to me it looked like being somehow essential
to provide support for SCP and OCP, for two reasons:
1. SCP is a drastic measure to prevent damaging "more" hardware in
   the worst situations, if any was damaged, preventing potentially
   drastic issues;
2. OCP is a great way to protect the hardware that we're powering
   through these regulators as if anything bad happens, the HW will
   draw more current than expected: in this case, the OCP interrupt
   will fire and the regulators will be immediately shut down,
   preventing hardware damage in many cases.

Both interrupts were successfully tested in a "sort-of" controlled
manner, with the following methodology:

Short-Circuit Protection (SCP):
1. Set LAB/IBB to 4.6/-1.4V, current limit 200mA/50mA;
2. Connect a 10 KOhm resistor to LAB/IBB by poking the right traces
   on a FxTec Pro1 smartphone for a very brief time (in short words,
   "just a rapid touch with flying wires");
3. The Short-Circuit protection trips: IRQ raises, regulators get
   cut. Recovery OK, test repeated without rebooting, OK.

Over-Current Protection (OCP):
1. Set LAB/IBB to the expected voltage to power up the display of
   a Sony Xperia XZ Premium smartphone (Sharp LS055D1SX04), set
   current limit to LAB 200mA, IBB 50mA (the values that this
   display unit needs are 200/800mA);
2. Boot the kernel: OCP fires. Recovery never happens because
   the selected current limit is too low, but that's expected.
   Test OK.

3. Set LAB/IBB to the expected current limits for XZ Premium
   (LAB 200mA, IBB 800mA), but lower than expected voltage,
   specifically LAB 5.4V, IBB -5.6V (instead of 5.6, -5.8V);
4. Boot the kernel: OCP fires. Recovery never happens because
   the selected voltage (still in the working range limits)
   is producing a current draw of more than 200mA on LAB.
   Test OK.

Signed-off-by: AngeloGioacchino Del Regno <angelogioacchino.delregno@somainline.org>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20210119174421.226541-6-angelogioacchino.delregno@somainline.org
Signed-off-by: Mark Brown <broonie@kernel.org>

