KVM: x86: Emulate triple fault shutdown if RSM emulation fails

Use the recently introduced KVM_REQ_TRIPLE_FAULT to properly emulate
shutdown if RSM from SMM fails.

Note, entering shutdown after clearing the SMM flag and restoring NMI
blocking is architecturally correct with respect to AMD's APM, which KVM
also uses for SMRAM layout and RSM NMI blocking behavior.  The APM says:

  An RSM causes a processor shutdown if an invalid-state condition is
  found in the SMRAM state-save area. Only an external reset, external
  processor-initialization, or non-maskable external interrupt (NMI) can
  cause the processor to leave the shutdown state.

Of note is processor-initialization (INIT) as a valid shutdown wake
event, as INIT is blocked by SMM, implying that entering shutdown also
forces the CPU out of SMM.

For recent Intel CPUs, restoring NMI blocking is technically wrong, but
so is restoring NMI blocking in the first place, and Intel's RSM
"architecture" is such a mess that just about anything is allowed and can
be justified as micro-architectural behavior.

Per the SDM:

  On Pentium 4 and later processors, shutdown will inhibit INTR and A20M
  but will not change any of the other inhibits. On these processors,
  NMIs will be inhibited if no action is taken in the SMI handler to
  uninhibit them (see Section 34.8).

where Section 34.8 says:

  When the processor enters SMM while executing an NMI handler, the
  processor saves the SMRAM state save map but does not save the
  attribute to keep NMI interrupts disabled. Potentially, an NMI could be
  latched (while in SMM or upon exit) and serviced upon exit of SMM even
  though the previous NMI handler has still not completed.

I.e. RSM unconditionally unblocks NMI, but shutdown on RSM does not,
which is in direct contradiction of KVM's behavior.  But, as mentioned
above, KVM follows AMD architecture and restores NMI blocking on RSM, so
that micro-architectural detail is already lost.

And for Pentium era CPUs, SMI# can break shutdown, meaning that at least
some Intel CPUs fully leave SMM when entering shutdown:

  In the shutdown state, Intel processors stop executing instructions
  until a RESET#, INIT# or NMI# is asserted.  While Pentium family
  processors recognize the SMI# signal in shutdown state, P6 family and
  Intel486 processors do not.

In other words, the fact that Intel CPUs have implemented the two
extremes gives KVM carte blanche when it comes to honoring Intel's
architecture for handling shutdown during RSM.

Signed-off-by: Sean Christopherson <seanjc@google.com>
Message-Id: <20210609185619.992058-3-seanjc@google.com>
[Return X86EMUL_CONTINUE after triple fault. - Paolo]
Signed-off-by: Paolo Bonzini <pbonzini@redhat.com>

