KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: Keep rc bits in shadow pgtable in sync with host

The rc bits contained in ptes are used to track whether a page has been
accessed and whether it is dirty. The accessed bit is used to age a page
and the dirty bit to track whether a page is dirty or not.

Now that we support nested guests there are three ptes which track the
state of the same page:
- The partition-scoped page table in the L1 guest, mapping L2->L1 address
- The partition-scoped page table in the host for the L1 guest, mapping
  L1->L0 address
- The shadow partition-scoped page table for the nested guest in the host,
  mapping L2->L0 address

The idea is to attempt to keep the rc state of these three ptes in sync,
both when setting and when clearing rc bits.

When setting the bits we achieve consistency by:
- Initially setting the bits in the shadow page table as the 'and' of the
  other two.
- When updating in software the rc bits in the shadow page table we
  ensure the state is consistent with the other two locations first, and
  update these before reflecting the change into the shadow page table.
  i.e. only set the bits in the L2->L0 pte if also set in both the
       L2->L1 and the L1->L0 pte.

When clearing the bits we achieve consistency by:
- The rc bits in the shadow page table are only cleared when discarding
  a pte, and we don't need to record this as if either bit is set then
  it must also be set in the pte mapping L1->L0.
- When L1 clears an rc bit in the L2->L1 mapping it __should__ issue a
  tlbie instruction
  - This means we will discard the pte from the shadow page table
    meaning the mapping will have to be setup again.
  - When setup the pte again in the shadow page table we will ensure
    consistency with the L2->L1 pte.
- When the host clears an rc bit in the L1->L0 mapping we need to also
  clear the bit in any ptes in the shadow page table which map the same
  gfn so we will be notified if a nested guest accesses the page.
  This case is what this patch specifically concerns.
  - We can search the nest_rmap list for that given gfn and clear the
    same bit from all corresponding ptes in shadow page tables.
  - If a nested guest causes either of the rc bits to be set by software
    in future then we will update the L1->L0 pte and maintain consistency.

With the process outlined above we aim to maintain consistency of the 3
pte locations where we track rc for a given guest page.

Signed-off-by: Suraj Jitindar Singh <sjitindarsingh@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul Mackerras <paulus@ozlabs.org>

