dt-bindings: net: FMan erratum A050385

FMAN DMA read or writes under heavy traffic load may cause FMAN
internal resource leak; thus stopping further packet processing.

The FMAN internal queue can overflow when FMAN splits single
read or write transactions into multiple smaller transactions
such that more than 17 AXI transactions are in flight from FMAN
to interconnect. When the FMAN internal queue overflows, it can
stall further packet processing. The issue can occur with any one
of the following three conditions:

  1. FMAN AXI transaction crosses 4K address boundary (Errata
     A010022)
  2. FMAN DMA address for an AXI transaction is not 16 byte
     aligned, i.e. the last 4 bits of an address are non-zero
  3. Scatter Gather (SG) frames have more than one SG buffer in
     the SG list and any one of the buffers, except the last
     buffer in the SG list has data size that is not a multiple
     of 16 bytes, i.e., other than 16, 32, 48, 64, etc.

With any one of the above three conditions present, there is
likelihood of stalled FMAN packet processing, especially under
stress with multiple ports injecting line-rate traffic.

To avoid situations that stall FMAN packet processing, all of the
above three conditions must be avoided; therefore, configure the
system with the following rules:

  1. Frame buffers must not span a 4KB address boundary, unless
     the frame start address is 256 byte aligned
  2. All FMAN DMA start addresses (for example, BMAN buffer
     address, FD[address] + FD[offset]) are 16B aligned
  3. SG table and buffer addresses are 16B aligned and the size
     of SG buffers are multiple of 16 bytes, except for the last
     SG buffer that can be of any size.

Additional workaround notes:
- Address alignment of 64 bytes is recommended for maximally
efficient system bus transactions (although 16 byte alignment is
sufficient to avoid the stall condition)
- To support frame sizes that are larger than 4K bytes, there are
two options:
  1. Large single buffer frames that span a 4KB page boundary can
     be converted into SG frames to avoid transaction splits at
     the 4KB boundary,
  2. Align the large single buffer to 256B address boundaries,
     ensure that the frame address plus offset is 256B aligned.
- If software generated SG frames have buffers that are unaligned
and with random non-multiple of 16 byte lengths, before
transmitting such frames via FMAN, frames will need to be copied
into a new single buffer or multiple buffer SG frame that is
compliant with the three rules listed above.

Signed-off-by: Madalin Bucur <madalin.bucur@nxp.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

