soc: ti: k3: add navss ringacc driver

The Ring Accelerator (RINGACC or RA) provides hardware acceleration to
enable straightforward passing of work between a producer and a consumer.
There is one RINGACC module per NAVSS on TI AM65x SoCs.

The RINGACC converts constant-address read and write accesses to equivalent
read or write accesses to a circular data structure in memory. The RINGACC
eliminates the need for each DMA controller which needs to access ring
elements from having to know the current state of the ring (base address,
current offset). The DMA controller performs a read or write access to a
specific address range (which maps to the source interface on the RINGACC)
and the RINGACC replaces the address for the transaction with a new address
which corresponds to the head or tail element of the ring (head for reads,
tail for writes). Since the RINGACC maintains the state, multiple DMA
controllers or channels are allowed to coherently share the same rings as
applicable. The RINGACC is able to place data which is destined towards
software into cached memory directly.

Supported ring modes:
- Ring Mode
- Messaging Mode
- Credentials Mode
- Queue Manager Mode

TI-SCI integration:

Texas Instrument's System Control Interface (TI-SCI) Message Protocol now
has control over Ringacc module resources management (RM) and Rings
configuration.

The corresponding support of TI-SCI Ringacc module RM protocol
introduced as option through DT parameters:
- ti,sci: phandle on TI-SCI firmware controller DT node
- ti,sci-dev-id: TI-SCI device identifier as per TI-SCI firmware spec

if both parameters present - Ringacc driver will configure/free/reset Rings
using TI-SCI Message Ringacc RM Protocol.

The Ringacc driver manages Rings allocation by itself now and requests
TI-SCI firmware to allocate and configure specific Rings only. It's done
this way because, Linux driver implements two stage Rings allocation and
configuration (allocate ring and configure ring) while TI-SCI Message
Protocol supports only one combined operation (allocate+configure).

Signed-off-by: Grygorii Strashko <grygorii.strashko@ti.com>
Signed-off-by: Peter Ujfalusi <peter.ujfalusi@ti.com>
Reviewed-by: Tero Kristo <t-kristo@ti.com>
Tested-by: Keerthy <j-keerthy@ti.com>
Signed-off-by: Santosh Shilimkar <santosh.shilimkar@oracle.com>

