netfilter: ipset: Fix "INFO: rcu detected stall in hash_xxx" reports

In the case of huge hash:* types of sets, due to the single spinlock of
a set the processing of the whole set under spinlock protection could take
too long.

There were four places where the whole hash table of the set was processed
from bucket to bucket under holding the spinlock:

- During resizing a set, the original set was locked to exclude kernel side
  add/del element operations (userspace add/del is excluded by the
  nfnetlink mutex). The original set is actually just read during the
  resize, so the spinlocking is replaced with rcu locking of regions.
  However, thus there can be parallel kernel side add/del of entries.
  In order not to loose those operations a backlog is added and replayed
  after the successful resize.
- Garbage collection of timed out entries was also protected by the spinlock.
  In order not to lock too long, region locking is introduced and a single
  region is processed in one gc go. Also, the simple timer based gc running
  is replaced with a workqueue based solution. The internal book-keeping
  (number of elements, size of extensions) is moved to region level due to
  the region locking.
- Adding elements: when the max number of the elements is reached, the gc
  was called to evict the timed out entries. The new approach is that the gc
  is called just for the matching region, assuming that if the region
  (proportionally) seems to be full, then the whole set does. We could scan
  the other regions to check every entry under rcu locking, but for huge
  sets it'd mean a slowdown at adding elements.
- Listing the set header data: when the set was defined with timeout
  support, the garbage collector was called to clean up timed out entries
  to get the correct element numbers and set size values. Now the set is
  scanned to check non-timed out entries, without actually calling the gc
  for the whole set.

Thanks to Florian Westphal for helping me to solve the SOFTIRQ-safe ->
SOFTIRQ-unsafe lock order issues during working on the patch.

Reported-by: syzbot+4b0e9d4ff3cf117837e5@syzkaller.appspotmail.com
Reported-by: syzbot+c27b8d5010f45c666ed1@syzkaller.appspotmail.com
Reported-by: syzbot+68a806795ac89df3aa1c@syzkaller.appspotmail.com
Fixes: 23c42a403a9c ("netfilter: ipset: Introduction of new commands and protocol version 7")
Signed-off-by: Jozsef Kadlecsik <kadlec@netfilter.org>

