bpftool: Install libbpf headers for the bootstrap version, too

We recently changed bpftool's Makefile to make it install libbpf's
headers locally instead of pulling them from the source directory of the
library. Although bpftool needs two versions of libbpf, a "regular" one
and a "bootstrap" version, we would only install headers for the regular
libbpf build. Given that this build always occurs before the bootstrap
build when building bpftool, this is enough to ensure that the bootstrap
bpftool will have access to the headers exported through the regular
libbpf build.

However, this did not account for the case when we only want the
bootstrap version of bpftool, through the "bootstrap" target. For
example, perf needs the bootstrap version only, to generate BPF
skeletons. In that case, when are the headers installed? For some time,
the issue has been masked, because we had a step (the installation of
headers internal to libbpf) which would depend on the regular build of
libbpf and hence trigger the export of the headers, just for the sake of
creating a directory. But this changed with commit 8b6c46241c77
("bpftool: Remove Makefile dep. on $(LIBBPF) for
$(LIBBPF_INTERNAL_HDRS)"), where we cleaned up that stage and removed
the dependency on the regular libbpf build. As a result, when we only
want the bootstrap bpftool version, the regular libbpf is no longer
built. The bootstrap libbpf version is built, but headers are not
exported, and the bootstrap bpftool build fails because of the missing
headers.

To fix this, we also install the library headers for the bootstrap
version of libbpf, to use them for the bootstrap bpftool and for
generating the skeletons.

Fixes: f012ade10b34 ("bpftool: Install libbpf headers instead of including the dir")
Reported-by: Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo <acme@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Quentin Monnet <quentin@isovalent.com>
Signed-off-by: Daniel Borkmann <daniel@iogearbox.net>
Tested-by: Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo <acme@redhat.com>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/bpf/20211105015813.6171-1-quentin@isovalent.com

