platform/surface: Add Surface Aggregator subsystem

Add Surface System Aggregator Module core and Surface Serial Hub driver,
required for the embedded controller found on Microsoft Surface devices.

The Surface System Aggregator Module (SSAM, SAM or Surface Aggregator)
is an embedded controller (EC) found on 4th and later generation
Microsoft Surface devices, with the exception of the Surface Go series.
This EC provides various functionality, depending on the device in
question. This can include battery status and thermal reporting (5th and
later generations), but also HID keyboard (6th+) and touchpad input
(7th+) on Surface Laptop and Surface Book 3 series devices.

This patch provides the basic necessities for communication with the SAM
EC on 5th and later generation devices. On these devices, the EC
provides an interface that acts as serial device, called the Surface
Serial Hub (SSH). 4th generation devices, on which the EC interface is
provided via an HID-over-I2C device, are not supported by this patch.

Specifically, this patch adds a driver for the SSH device (device HID
MSHW0084 in ACPI), as well as a controller structure and associated API.
This represents the functional core of the Surface Aggregator kernel
subsystem, introduced with this patch, and will be expanded upon in
subsequent commits.

The SSH driver acts as the main attachment point for this subsystem and
sets-up and manages the controller structure. The controller in turn
provides a basic communication interface, allowing to send requests from
host to EC and receiving the corresponding responses, as well as
managing and receiving events, sent from EC to host. It is structured
into multiple layers, with the top layer presenting the API used by
other kernel drivers and the lower layers modeled after the serial
protocol used for communication.

Said other drivers are then responsible for providing the (Surface model
specific) functionality accessible through the EC (e.g. battery status
reporting, thermal information, ...) via said controller structure and
API, and will be added in future commits.

Signed-off-by: Maximilian Luz <luzmaximilian@gmail.com>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20201221183959.1186143-2-luzmaximilian@gmail.com
Signed-off-by: Hans de Goede <hdegoede@redhat.com>

