remoteproc: k3-dsp: Add a remoteproc driver of K3 C66x DSPs

The Texas Instrument's K3 J721E SoCs have two C66x DSP Subsystems in MAIN
voltage domain that are based on the TI's standard TMS320C66x DSP CorePac
module. Each subsystem has a Fixed/Floating-Point DSP CPU, with 32 KB each
of L1P & L1D SRAMs that can be configured and partitioned as either RAM
and/or Cache, and 288 KB of L2 SRAM with 256 KB of memory configurable as
either RAM and/or Cache. The CorePac also includes an Internal DMA (IDMA),
External Memory Controller (EMC), Extended Memory Controller (XMC) with a
Region Address Translator (RAT) unit for 32-bit to 48-bit address
extension/translations, an Interrupt Controller (INTC) and a Powerdown
Controller (PDC).

A new remoteproc module is added to perform the device management of
these DSP devices. The support is limited to images using only external
DDR memory at the moment, the loading support to internal memories and
any on-chip RAM memories will be added in a subsequent patch. RAT support
is also left for a future patch, and as such the reserved memory carveout
regions are all expected to be using memory regions within the first 2 GB.
Error Recovery and Power Management features are not currently supported.

The C66x remote processors do not have an MMU, and so require fixed memory
carveout regions matching the firmware image addresses. Support for this
is provided by mandating multiple memory regions to be attached to the
remoteproc device. The first memory region will be used to serve as the
DMA pool for all dynamic allocations like the vrings and vring buffers.
The remaining memory regions are mapped into the kernel at device probe
time, and are used to provide address translations for firmware image
segments without the need for any RSC_CARVEOUT entries. Any firmware
image using memory outside of the supplied reserved memory carveout
regions will be errored out.

The driver uses various TI-SCI interfaces to talk to the System Controller
(DMSC) for managing configuration, power and reset management of these
cores. IPC between the A72 cores and the DSP cores is supported through
the virtio rpmsg stack using shared memory and OMAP Mailboxes.

Signed-off-by: Suman Anna <s-anna@ti.com>
Reviewed-by: Bjorn Andersson <bjorn.andersson@linaro.org>
Reviewed-by: Mathieu Poirier <mathieu.poirier@linaro.org>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20200721223617.20312-6-s-anna@ti.com
Signed-off-by: Bjorn Andersson <bjorn.andersson@linaro.org>

