tcp: helpers to mitigate ACK loops by rate-limiting out-of-window dupacks

Helpers for mitigating ACK loops by rate-limiting dupacks sent in
response to incoming out-of-window packets.

This patch includes:

- rate-limiting logic
- sysctl to control how often we allow dupacks to out-of-window packets
- SNMP counter for cases where we rate-limited our dupack sending

The rate-limiting logic in this patch decides to not send dupacks in
response to out-of-window segments if (a) they are SYNs or pure ACKs
and (b) the remote endpoint is sending them faster than the configured
rate limit.

We rate-limit our responses rather than blocking them entirely or
resetting the connection, because legitimate connections can rely on
dupacks in response to some out-of-window segments. For example, zero
window probes are typically sent with a sequence number that is below
the current window, and ZWPs thus expect to thus elicit a dupack in
response.

We allow dupacks in response to TCP segments with data, because these
may be spurious retransmissions for which the remote endpoint wants to
receive DSACKs. This is safe because segments with data can't
realistically be part of ACK loops, which by their nature consist of
each side sending pure/data-less ACKs to each other.

The dupack interval is controlled by a new sysctl knob,
tcp_invalid_ratelimit, given in milliseconds, in case an administrator
needs to dial this upward in the face of a high-rate DoS attack. The
name and units are chosen to be analogous to the existing analogous
knob for ICMP, icmp_ratelimit.

The default value for tcp_invalid_ratelimit is 500ms, which allows at
most one such dupack per 500ms. This is chosen to be 2x faster than
the 1-second minimum RTO interval allowed by RFC 6298 (section 2, rule
2.4). We allow the extra 2x factor because network delay variations
can cause packets sent at 1 second intervals to be compressed and
arrive much closer.

Reported-by: Avery Fay <avery@mixpanel.com>
Signed-off-by: Neal Cardwell <ncardwell@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Yuchung Cheng <ycheng@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Eric Dumazet <edumazet@google.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

