KVM: PPC: Book3S HV: XIVE: Add passthrough support

The KVM XICS-over-XIVE device and the proposed KVM XIVE native device
implement an IRQ space for the guest using the generic IPI interrupts
of the XIVE IC controller. These interrupts are allocated at the OPAL
level and "mapped" into the guest IRQ number space in the range 0-0x1FFF.
Interrupt management is performed in the XIVE way: using loads and
stores on the addresses of the XIVE IPI interrupt ESB pages.

Both KVM devices share the same internal structure caching information
on the interrupts, among which the xive_irq_data struct containing the
addresses of the IPI ESB pages and an extra one in case of pass-through.
The later contains the addresses of the ESB pages of the underlying HW
controller interrupts, PHB4 in all cases for now.

A guest, when running in the XICS legacy interrupt mode, lets the KVM
XICS-over-XIVE device "handle" interrupt management, that is to
perform the loads and stores on the addresses of the ESB pages of the
guest interrupts. However, when running in XIVE native exploitation
mode, the KVM XIVE native device exposes the interrupt ESB pages to
the guest and lets the guest perform directly the loads and stores.

The VMA exposing the ESB pages make use of a custom VM fault handler
which role is to populate the VMA with appropriate pages. When a fault
occurs, the guest IRQ number is deduced from the offset, and the ESB
pages of associated XIVE IPI interrupt are inserted in the VMA (using
the internal structure caching information on the interrupts).

Supporting device passthrough in the guest running in XIVE native
exploitation mode adds some extra refinements because the ESB pages
of a different HW controller (PHB4) need to be exposed to the guest
along with the initial IPI ESB pages of the XIVE IC controller. But
the overall mechanic is the same.

When the device HW irqs are mapped into or unmapped from the guest
IRQ number space, the passthru_irq helpers, kvmppc_xive_set_mapped()
and kvmppc_xive_clr_mapped(), are called to record or clear the
passthrough interrupt information and to perform the switch.

The approach taken by this patch is to clear the ESB pages of the
guest IRQ number being mapped and let the VM fault handler repopulate.
The handler will insert the ESB page corresponding to the HW interrupt
of the device being passed-through or the initial IPI ESB page if the
device is being removed.

Signed-off-by: Cédric Le Goater <clg@kaod.org>
Reviewed-by: David Gibson <david@gibson.dropbear.id.au>
Signed-off-by: Paul Mackerras <paulus@ozlabs.org>

