mm: vmscan: invoke slab shrinkers from shrink_zone()

The slab shrinkers are currently invoked from the zonelist walkers in
kswapd, direct reclaim, and zone reclaim, all of which roughly gauge the
eligible LRU pages and assemble a nodemask to pass to NUMA-aware
shrinkers, which then again have to walk over the nodemask.  This is
redundant code, extra runtime work, and fairly inaccurate when it comes to
the estimation of actually scannable LRU pages.  The code duplication will
only get worse when making the shrinkers cgroup-aware and requiring them
to have out-of-band cgroup hierarchy walks as well.

Instead, invoke the shrinkers from shrink_zone(), which is where all
reclaimers end up, to avoid this duplication.

Take the count for eligible LRU pages out of get_scan_count(), which
considers many more factors than just the availability of swap space, like
zone_reclaimable_pages() currently does.  Accumulate the number over all
visited lruvecs to get the per-zone value.

Some nodes have multiple zones due to memory addressing restrictions.  To
avoid putting too much pressure on the shrinkers, only invoke them once
for each such node, using the class zone of the allocation as the pivot
zone.

For now, this integrates the slab shrinking better into the reclaim logic
and gets rid of duplicative invocations from kswapd, direct reclaim, and
zone reclaim.  It also prepares for cgroup-awareness, allowing
memcg-capable shrinkers to be added at the lruvec level without much
duplication of both code and runtime work.

This changes kswapd behavior, which used to invoke the shrinkers for each
zone, but with scan ratios gathered from the entire node, resulting in
meaningless pressure quantities on multi-zone nodes.

Zone reclaim behavior also changes.  It used to shrink slabs until the
same amount of pages were shrunk as were reclaimed from the LRUs.  Now it
merely invokes the shrinkers once with the zone's scan ratio, which makes
the shrinkers go easier on caches that implement aging and would prefer
feeding back pressure from recently used slab objects to unused LRU pages.

[vdavydov@parallels.com: assure class zone is populated]
Signed-off-by: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Cc: Dave Chinner <david@fromorbit.com>
Signed-off-by: Vladimir Davydov <vdavydov@parallels.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

